feat(firmware): use new overlay-based configuration (#330)
NordicSemiconductor/asset-tracker-cloud-docs: docs/aws/GettingStarted/FirmwareConfiguration.rst

      node cli info -o mqttEndpoint

> #. Add the setting to a file called :file:`firmware.conf`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Add the ``CONFIG_AWS_IOT_BROKER_HOST_NAME`` setting to the :file:`firmware.conf` file, using the endpoint value from the previous step as the value:
```
This assumes that `firmware.conf` already exists by default. If it does not, it should have a step dedicated to creating it, probably as the first step.
